unbleached white flour our two cups of
brown rice flour one-fourth cup wheat
germ three fourths cup turbinado sugar
half a cup soy milk powder half a cup
lecithin granules half a teaspoon sea
salt 1 tablespoon of energy G energy
baking powder 1 cup toasted black sesame
seeds also you need three four cups soy
milk half a cup canola oil at 1 teaspoon
of vanilla I care this is like a black
sesame seeing cookies we Korean people
love sesame seeds we put it in the
regular mirrors and even make a cookies
I'm going to show you how to make black
sesame seed cookies I love cookies right
yeah you do Larry can you help me to go
to exit where's the way we're near the
mbti flour hey or if you like to make
gluten free recipes you can use brown
rice flour then you don't have to use
the wisdom that we're going to use the
next one this is something i'm using a
carbonated sugar which is contained some
calcium ions potassium and magnesium and
this is a soya milk powder from the
soybean and this is inessa teen is from
the soy products where this is such a
good for our lawyer you're closer and
such a house also has a like a butterfly
later and i'm using a csr okay and this
is energy baking powder we are using it
okay and okay this is a i'm going to
show you okay maybe they can see this is
a black sesame see that i already
washing and toast it but if you can find
it somehow you can use a regular sesame
similar so I need to be toasted I don't
you you need to go ahead and put it in
there go ahead and makes it really good
okay and the sesame seeds very high in
fiber and the protein and also we have
good fat and
very high in calcium is it and also had
a big body means you know we need a
Peabody mr. functional brain you're
always so iron and the potassium
magnesium so such as such I could
benefit from Jessup and he said see
amazing huh amazing yeah and awesome
okay that's really good okay then after
that we're gonna put some so America Wow
like we don't use regular meal where
regular milk for the cows baby okay
dokey right yeah we don't we don't need
to drink cow's makes a man soya milk and
that's the canola oil okay and that's a
vanilla vanilla brings out the flavor
yes and you might need a spoon what do
you think they might be really thick
better so you want to try this okay why
he's mixing F make sure that under oven
at 350 degrees again I like to have a
hot oven ready when I bake the cookies
right okay you might need a spoon groans
moody's yeah this is a thick better okay
let me give you spend I would just pick
it out yeah it's all right okay pretty
thick batter yeah it is stick better but
sometimes the median covers very
different here yeah look how bright and
pretty see here or you can maybe put a
hand in there would you like to do that
oh it have fun I wash my hands friends
okay later doing good okay people now
you know that better is cryptic so go
ahead and mix it with the hen yeah all
right nice and moist now
all right very good go ahead and mix it
along huh yeah a mixing is a very
important part of a cooking so you need
to take time to mix all right we look at
there yeah it was good though man smells
really really good yeah I will wear the
Sanitation good luck oh yeah okay while
you're doing it what I would do I'll go
ahead and spray okay oh yeah and the
cookie sheet their looks thank you okay
I'll just take it out like this yeah
yeah where the Sanitation girl oh it
might help you yeah it looks good you
know you want to go and wash your hand
in the back that's okay are you sure
yeah okay then why you you to do is just
to scoop it out about 1 tablespoon size
like this I smells really really good a
vanilla yeah things he also tastes very
good now you cannot just pick like that
you need to yes you did yep flirtin with
your finger then you just pay for 16 to
18 minutes it depends on your oven
treatment and we like to share your
finish ship products except finished
product this is a cookie and they really
crispy cookie Mason yeah Merry Christmas
is healthy okay I love the plate to slip
like Oh reinterpreted it go really way
the mirror one you can see they're
destined is a regular sesame see so you
can see the contrast in endo yummy and
delicious amen Frank we just had fun
today cooking recipes for you and I just
enjoy myself every time I come yeah
thank you thank you for watching me yeah
friends we have to take a short break
and put up our contact page in case
you'd like to get in contact with us or
if you'd like to buy one of chunks
cookbooks so please don't go away anyway
because we're going to come right back
we want to show you all of these
fantastic and wonderful and delicious
recipes that we have here just for you I
to please stay tuned stay by and come
back and we'll see you in a few minutes
Jaime
if you'd like to contact Keong for one
of her cookbooks or invite her or larry
to come to your area you can write to
Larry and Keong see wethersby 4756
highway 8 East Mena Arkansas 7195 three
that's Larry and Keong see wethersby
4756 highway eight East Mena Arkansas
7195 three you can call 479 2439 216
that's for 792 for 392 16 or visit our
website at kayong CW com that's KY OMG
CWC om
you